# Lab Exam 3 #
###### Thursday December 7, 2017 ######

For your final lab exam you will be creating a data structure that holds both an integer and an unsigned integer. This structure will be generated by parsing a string and inserting each of the numbers into the structure. You can **implement** any structure you want, but some structures are inherently better than others for this assignment. 

Your structure needs to support the functions already provided in the template, and you can add any functions you need into the *private* section of the data structure. There should be no other public functions other than the ones provided to you. 

We have provided you with all of the tests needed to test this exam, and we will not be changing out the tests when we grade the exam. So you have the answers to the test, all you need to do is to write the code to make it work. As for grading, the `crash_test` suite is only there to help you troubleshoot bugs that may be crashing your data structure. Those tests are expected to be passing and are not used to calculate your grade. The way we will be calculating your grade for this programming portion is very simple. If you pass the test suite `tests_for_a_5` you will get 5/8. If you pass the test suite `tests_for_a_8` you will get 8/8. If for some reason you can't pass either by the end of the exam, let us know. 

Like always, you **must** turn in code that compiles! **TESTS THAT DON'T COMPILE WILL GET A ZERO!!** 


#### Functional Specification ####
*data_structure()*: The default constructor. This should create an empty structure

*data_structure(std::string input)*: Construct a structure using the given string input 

*~data_structure()*: Default destructor. Needs to delete each of the objects in the structure
 
*unsigned int get_frequency(int key)*: Return the number of times the integer is in the data structure. Return 0 if the number is not in the structure, because it has a frequency of 0 if it isn't in the structure.

*int most_frequent()*: Return the most frequent number in the data structure. If there is more than one, return the highest value

*int least_frequent()*: Return the least frequent number in the data structure. If there is more than one, return the lowest value

*void sort()*: Sort the data structure first by frequency, greatest to least and then by value, least to greatest.

*friend std::ostream &operator<<(std::ostream &stream, const data_structure &structure)*: Stream Insertion. Used to create a stream for printing using cout or converting into a string.

*friend std::istream &operator>>(std::istream &stream, data_structure &structure)*: Stream Extraction. Used to stream in a string and store that input into the structure. The data that was previously in the structure needs to be deleted and then the new string needs to be inserted. 
    

#### Hints ####
* You should test your functions using main, but like always, we will not be looking at your `main.cpp`.

  

